a)
	warning: push.default is unset; its implicit value has changed in
	Git 2.0 from 'matching' to 'simple'. To squelch this message
	and maintain the traditional behavior, use:

	  git config --global push.default matching

	To squelch this message and adopt the new behavior now, use:

	  git config --global push.default simple

	When push.default is set to 'matching', git will push local branches
	to the remote branches that already exist with the same name.

	Since Git 2.0, Git defaults to the more conservative 'simple'
	behavior, which only pushes the current branch to the corresponding
	remote branch that 'git pull' uses to update the current branch.

	See 'git help config' and search for 'push.default' for further information.
	(the 'simple' mode was introduced in Git 1.7.11. Use the similar mode
	'current' instead of 'simple' if you sometimes use older versions of Git)

	Username for 'https://github.com': connorjc
	Password for 'https://connorjc@github.com': 
	Counting objects: 7, done.
	Delta compression using up to 8 threads.
	Compressing objects: 100% (6/6), done.
	Writing objects: 100% (7/7), 941 bytes | 0 bytes/s, done.
	Total 7 (delta 1), reused 0 (delta 0)
	remote: Resolving deltas: 100% (1/1), completed with 1 local object.
	To https://github.com/connorjc/Assignment1.git
	   f7a5d56..1a336f7  master -> master
b)
	10
	git rev-list --all --count
c)
	Thu, 15 Sep 2016 10:29:34 -0400
	git log -n 1 --pretty=format:%aD -- .gitignore
d)
	1. Branches serve as an abstraction for the edit/stage/commit process.
	2. Make sure your code changes are verified before delivering them to 
		other developers.
e)
	git log is meant to display all the commits.
	git status shows information based on your current working tree
		ex. what is untracked, tracked but not added, commited, etc
f)
	git log --follow -- src/edu/fsu/cs/cen5035/Weapon.java
g)
	git log --all --grep "file"
h)
	I) Inheritance is how objects can inherit attributes from their 
		parent(s) class(es); moving from abstract concepts to more
		concrete.

	II) Polymorphism is how a child class can inherit abilities from its
		parent(s) and override said functions/attributes to suit its
		needs.

	III) Encapsulation is the ability to combine functions and attributes
		into a class such that code can be generalized. Encapsulation
		is used for information-hiding where a class's function can
		directly manipulate the private attributes that both are 
		encapsulated in the same class.
i)
	"Dictator and Lieutenants" workflow has everyone pulling from the 
		"blessed" repo. Developers push to their assigned lieutenant's
		repo. Lieutenants merge code and solve conflicts, pushing to 
		the dictator's repo. Dictator merges code and solve conflicts, 
		pushing to the "blessed" repo.

	"Integration management" workflow has each developer maintaining a 
		public and private repo. Developers pull from the "blessed"
		repo into their private repo for development. Finished works
		are pushed to their public repo. Integration manager pulls from
		each developer's public repo merges code solving conflicts to 
		then push to the "blessed" repo.
j)
	Large teams will benefit more from the "Dictator and Lieutenant" 
		workflow because there is more quality control over the code
		that makes it to the shared repo. The middlemen developers 
		make sure only the most bug/conflict free code is pushed to the
		shared repo, hence calling it "blessed".

	Centralized workflow will have conflicts and merges continuously 
		appearing in the shared repo leaving it up to the next 
		developer to access the repo left with the responsibility
		of handling any conflicts/bugs.
